CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
        Personal finance program

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
        It will be able to keep track of my personal/familial finances and saves them on a month by month basis.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
        GUI and how to write and store data into a txt/csv file to be called for reference later.

4. What Python modules will your program use?
        csv, datetime, math, pytest, tkinter. probably others as well but im not certain which ones yet.

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?
        Yes, with a personal finance program there should be plenty of functions that perform a single task.

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?
        With how many functions that the program may have this will be easy to test at least two, so yes.

